The Joe Rogan experience. There's also guys,
I'm not going to go into details, but I met,
I feel like I shouldn't even say this, but it's fine. Cause it's fine.
So I met a kid once who moved to Las Vegas
when he was it's this crazy story to tell
that is a good story. Okay. I won't go into details.
So he moved to Las Vegas when he was 12,
he moved there because he wanted to meet a specific person who is considered
the best card sheet ever. Meaning the guy,
this is a guy that, the reason that Vegas has those,
instead of like the dealer peaking the, the down card,
they have to put it into a machine and push a button.
He's the guy that the movie casino was built around with the computer and the
shoe. Like he was the, the best card she ever.
But among magicians,
he's like a phenomenon because he's working on moves not to entertain anybody
he's working on move. So he doesn't get his hands smashed up against the wall.
Binion's right. Yeah. So he's working on Mussa.
He's not going to get killed survival. Yes. So he,
so this kid at the age of 12 knows about
him, moves to Las Vegas and buys a craps table.
He puts the craps table, Tim and his mom, right as my single mother and him,
they live in this small apartment,
very close to the man I was telling you about,
and this kid throws dice 15 hours a day on
this crap, stable, by the way, their little bed is like under the table.
You know what I mean? It's a small space and it's a real crap stable,
like a nice one.
The only thing he does is repetitiously throw that and he can helicopter
spin the dice. So you can't see them doing this.
They have such force going around this way, that when they hit the wall,
one dye won't break the number and he can throw it exactly to this part of the,
of the table, missing this from across the table.
So that one died locks in every time he can guarantee that number.
He did that every day for almost a decade,
until he could throw dice better than any other human being in the world.
Then he went and got a job at one of the casinos that texts for car cheats and
worked in the craps tables. It's all he did.
And as soon as he turned 21, he went out,
travels the world and wins the exact amount of money that he wouldn't playing
craps where you're not detected, but, but you can. What is the exact amount?
I mean, I under, you know, probably under a million, probably a few million,
a years of up saying, it's not like he's going in and getting a degree.
It's very smart and structured. Yeah.
And that's different places and he can throw dice.
Like I've never seen anybody throw dice.
It's terrible. Yeah. I'm a definite addict. And I got to watch it, but this,
the sex addict thing. I mean, I just think that that's one,
that's unchecked for so many people and so acceptable. And,
um, porn addiction. I mean, I can't get off without watching porn.
You can't get off at all. Not.
Even close. I wouldn't even try if my internet was down,
we had a power outage the other day at my house and it was just like, okay,
well that's, I would be screwed without I couldn't do it. I mean,
I would figure out a way I think I would manage. But if my,
if my toys aren't working and aren't plugged in and if I don't have corn,
I'm just not getting off. I've never been someone who can do it manually. And,
and with my imagination,
it's really a problem because the porn I watch is like not good.
Joe.
Joe, Joe, Joe, Nick, Nick, and Nikki. Um, dude, it's bad.
Well, no. Oh, that's tame. Are you kidding me?
Yeah, really?
I mean, I got a threat on, um,
like a DM from just some troll a while back. That was like,
if I put out a hit on the dark web for you to be gang raped and asked to pay the
guys a hundred thousand dollars to do it, I can, I can make that happen.
And you know, someone would accept that. And I was like, jokes on you.
That that's my fantasy. Now. I don't really mean that.
Please do not do that. But I was also like, though, that's I, I'm not joking.
Like that tends to be the stuff that I watch is like really aggressive gang
bangs. And like women tied up. I, I pay for my porn cause I feel so bad.
What's happening to the women in it.
I hope that they are being compensated for it.
So I pay like 30 bucks a month for kink.com.
I'm watching really up stuff. Um,
and I've always been, been into like being tied up and like, uh,
I'm someone who doesn't feel like I deserve pleasure without like having pain.
Like I don't ever celebrate anything.
I can only celebrate or like relax if I put in so much work that I'm just like
debt. So I can, it's really hard for me to like enjoy myself in life.
I always have to have it's. I have to punish myself first.
And so orgasms are not something that like, I feel,
I feel it's hard for me to give myself one and let myself have that much.
It's like, it's too much. It's like Christmas. And you're like,
you have to wait a year for Christmas.
You can't give yourself Christmas every day. So I feel,
I like to be tied up and like forced to have Christmas. And like,
I that's what I that's what I tend to like is like,
you have to do this. And because I'm so I don't like losing control either.
And the orgasm is like the most you can lose control. I just feel like I don't,
I don't like being that out of control and I don't know what's going to happen.
I'm scared. I'm just going to like everywhere or something.
Like I'm totally scared of. Everywhere.
Is no one else scared of that.
[inaudible] a bunch of ketamine and stab herself. [inaudible] got his.
Cooties on it. It went through his arm. I don't even think we cleaned it. Good.
Did it really go through his eyes? Oh,
if I push it through and then push it through for a second. Yeah. We, I hit.
A nerve the first time. Then I had to back out and do it again.
I didn't want to do it. One frog.
Live frog is fine. He shut the frog out. He threw it up in my hand.
Do you know that there's a book called eat that frog.
That's like about getting your work done in the morning. And it's just funny.
You literally eat the frog, eat it. Just like, get it over,
like get the worst part done. Any, I have swallowed away. We were
taught a lot. Honestly, not even a sharp iceberg. This is,
did it make a sound at all? No.
Just was like puncturing. Yes.
And it wasn't you picked the spot that you stack pointed.
Me towards his arm. Like what areas of better place to go through,
but it was bleeding. I mean, do you think it would taste like elk?
I don't think so. I think people taste like pigs. Ooh.
That's a really the cannibals call people long pigs.
That's literally a nickname.
Did you notice that, uh, Blaine, whenever he would have you do something,
he would first like doubt himself. It's almost like a, uh,
power suggestion thing where he'd be like, no, no, it might be fake.
Test it out. It might be fake. Remember the frog.
It might not be a real frog or the, this might be weighted.
So you can see it right there. That's where I'm going through his arm.
Whose hand is that? That's his, that's his hand. That's his hand.
He's like pushing on the skin.
Darkest weight. He gets tan. He's got a lot of money,
psychological. You're very poor or very rich of your dad.
Your face. Is there something psychological about him doing that? Like touch it.
Maybe it's fake. Make sure it's not fake.
Yeah.
I'm sure it does that with cards and I'm sure I don't know anything about magic,
but I would imagine anything you can do to overload the brain.
Like if you are a distract. Yeah. If you're sparring with someone or fighting,
one of the things you're doing is you're trying to overload their brain.
So you're moving, you do things, you faint, you fake,
like you're going to punch and then you kick them.
But what you're doing is you're with their heads.
You giving them too many things to think about.
He's kind of doing that to check the cards out.
And he says things and he kind of doubts himself and asks you if you're sure
there's so many techniques involved with it, but he is a master.
Amazing him doing that too. He had,
so he did a card trick with one guy holding one of his wrists and another guy
holding on another risk. Like he couldn't do anything.
His sleeves rolled up and he did a cartridge for us.
Someone I know you're not supposed to say how magic happens, but I don't,
I don't think that this counts is like, but uh,
there was this guy that I knew that did. Yeah,
afraid you're gonna get in trouble. She was like,
I'll never go to the magic castle again. It's going to be so mad at me.
It's coming for me. But sometimes they call it holes into their hands, uh,
like flaps of skin. And that's where they put the coins underneath.
Like they actually, yeah,
they carved like little divots in their hands and that's how they hold the
coins. How the can you give it in your skin?
And then you let it heal scar tissue.
And that's how they're able to hold the coins. Crazy. I don't know. Really.
Isn't really no way to find out how magicians.
Do their tricks. Well, you'd have to become a magician. You have to,
they let you in.